You’ve got a skeleton that can stand upright. Barely. Let’s turn it into an actual company website instead of a polite placeholder. I broke this into crisp, do‑able steps with exact prompts, model choices, implementation notes, and the “why” so we don’t drown in vibes and half-finished sections.
Quick audit of your V1 so we’re honest about the starting point
Current sections: sticky header with anchor nav, hero with a single CTA, “Approach,” “Proof” list, “About,” plus a Calendly embed and a footer. There’s also a comment about injecting portfolio cards from portfolio.json via script.js, though the script itself isn’t in the folder.


Styles: clean Inter type, blue accent #0052FF, card grid, about grid, and a not-yet-used “stats” grid perfect for a Proof section with numbers. Good bones, room to harden.


Site map we’re building (minimum viable company, not just a landing page)
Home


Services (overview) → Service detail pages (3 to 5)


Case Studies (index) → Case study detail


Approach


About


Proof / Results (if we split it out)


Insights (blog or briefs)


Contact


Legal: Privacy, Terms


Below is the end-to-end plan. Copy it into a tracker and move left to right. No wandering.

Step 1: Lock the design highlights
Suggestion: Pick 3 visual anchors: accent color, typography rhythm, and a hero motif. Keep the blue #0052FF, add a soft neutral background and a subtle gradient hero. Use the existing card/grid system.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO for decisiveness.
 What to focus on: A unique but simple pattern you can repeat across pages: bold headline, proof chips, compact cards.
 Prompts to use:
“Given this CSS and structure, list 3 cohesive visual directions with hex values, spacing scale, and component treatments that reuse this grid and card system. Prioritize fast implementation.”


“Write CSS variables for color, spacing, and radii that match Direction 2 and update selectors accordingly.”
 How to implement:


Add a :root token block to styles.css and refactor hard-coded colors to variables.


Create a single background utility (e.g., .bg-hero) with a subtle gradient.
 Why: We keep speed by reusing your existing system and make it feel intentional.



Step 2: Information architecture and page templates
Suggestion: Lock content blocks per page so copy and design can proceed in parallel.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO for structure; Claude Opus for long-form outlines; Gemini 2.5 PRO for extracting bullets into tables.
 What to focus on: Repeatable sections: Hero, Value pillars, Proof, Process, CTA, FAQ.
 Prompts to use:
“Propose the exact section order and block list for Home, Services, Case Studies, Approach, About, Contact for a consultancy focused on revenue architecture and partnerships.”


“Turn this section list into content placeholders with word counts and bullet prompts for each.”
 How to implement: Create a Notion or doc for each page with the final block order.
 Why: Pages get built once, not five times.



Step 3: Brand voice and message spine
Suggestion: Define a 3-sentence positioning and a 6‑block “spine” you can reuse across pages.
 What LLM to use: Claude Opus for rewriting copy variants.
 What to focus on: Who it’s for, what outcomes, how you work.
 Prompts to use:
“Write a positioning statement in 25 words, then 3 variations. Tone: operator, blunt, measurable outcomes.”


“Create a message spine: Headline, Subhead, 3 Pillars with proof, CTA. Keep it reusable across pages.”
 How to implement: Drop the spine into Home, Services, and Approach drafts.
 Why: Consistency beats cleverness.



Step 4: Tech stack decision and repo
Suggestion: Migrate from single HTML to a small component framework so you stop copy-pasting markup.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO for scaffolding and code.
 What to focus on: Next.js or Astro, whichever you prefer, with file-based routing, MDX for content, and simple JSON for case studies.
 Prompts to use:
“Scaffold an Astro site with pages: /, /services, /services/[slug], /case-studies, /case-studies/[slug], /approach, /about, /proof, /insights, /contact. Import existing CSS with minimal changes.”
 How to implement:


Create repo, initialize framework, port index.html into /src/pages/index.astro or /app/page.tsx.


Keep styles.css as your global stylesheet. Update links accordingly.
 Why: Components save you from future pain.



Step 5: Global layout, header, and footer
Suggestion: Componentize the header and footer, keep your sticky behavior and nav links.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO.
 What to focus on: Accessibility, focus states, aria-current on active links.
 Prompts to use:
“Refactor this header markup into a reusable component. Add aria-current and keyboard focus styles. Keep existing classes.”
 How to implement: Extract header/footer into partials. Footer year is set in JS today; keep that helper but move to framework scripts.
 Why: One source of truth for nav and meta.



Step 6: Home page upgrade
Suggestion: Keep your hero, add “value pillars,” convert Proof into stat cards, and show 3 case study cards.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO for code; Claude Opus for microcopy; Gemini 2.5 PRO for alt text generation.
 What to focus on: Using the existing .cards and .stats-grid styles.
 Prompts to use:
“Using this CSS, create HTML for a 4-card ‘Value Pillars’ row and a 2x2 .stats-grid with headings like ‘Pipeline up 38%’ with short captions.”
 How to implement:


Create /data/portfolio.json and /scripts/renderPortfolio.js.


Portfolio JSON shape:

 [
  {"title":"Developer Tools GTM reset","outcome":"Win rate +12%","summary":"Rebuilt ICP and partner motions.","url":"/case-studies/devtools-gtm"},
  {"title":"Healthcare pilot engine","outcome":"Time-to-hire −25%","summary":"Role simulations for selection.","url":"/case-studies/healthcare-pilot"},
  {"title":"Supply chain expansion","outcome":"Time-to-value faster","summary":"New program acceleration.","url":"/case-studies/supply-chain"}
]


Render 3 cards on Home, link to Case Studies. Your index.html already anticipates script injection.
 Why: Social proof above the fold earns the click.



Step 7: Services overview
Suggestion: One overview page with 3 to 5 tiles: Revenue Architecture, Partnerships, Practical AI, Enablement.
 What LLM to use: Claude Opus for concise service blurbs; ChatGPT 5 PRO for component code.
 What to focus on: Each tile links to a detail page with scope, deliverables, timeline, and proof.
 Prompts to use:
“Draft 120-word service blurbs with measurable outcomes and 5 clear deliverables each.”
 How to implement: Create /services index with a .cards grid, then /services/[slug] pages using the same block order: Hero, Outcomes, Deliverables, Process, Proof, CTA.
 Why: Buyers skim. Give them a clean decision path.



Step 8: Case studies
Suggestion: Case Studies index then detail pages with the same template.
 What LLM to use: Claude Opus to convert notes into structured narrative; Gemini 2.5 PRO to pull metrics out and normalize them.
 What to focus on: Before → After, Constraints, What we changed, Proof, Artifacts.
 Prompts to use:
“Turn these bullet notes into a 400-word case study with sections: Context, Constraints, Intervention, Outcomes, What to steal.”
 How to implement:


Source from /data/portfolio.json and individual MDX files.


Add a “Results” component that can also render on the Home page.
 Why: This is the money page for credibility.



Step 9: Approach page
Suggestion: You already have a 4-part grid. Expand each to a scannable block with a mini-diagram and a 3-bullet checklist.
 What LLM to use: ChatGPT 5 PRO for markup; Claude Opus to sharpen copy.
 Prompts to use:
“For each phase, produce a 25-word summary and 3-point checklist. Tone: operator, concrete, no fluff.”
 How to implement: Replace the text-only grid with a media-plus-copy component, keep the .grid-2 layout.
 Why: Clear process reduces risk perception.



Step 10: Proof / Results page
Suggestion: Split Proof into its own page or expand the section using the unused .stats-grid and small testimonial quotes.
 What LLM to use: Gemini 2.5 PRO to standardize metrics; Claude Opus for short testimonial edits.
 Prompts to use:
“Normalize these outcome metrics to a consistent format: metric, baseline, delta, time frame.”
 How to implement: Render 4 stat cards, then a compact testimonial slider.
 Why: Humans trust numbers with nouns.



Step 11: About page
Suggestion: Keep the portrait and founder intro, add a values strip and contact CTA. Current copy references prior work; make it skimmable.
 What LLM to use: Claude Opus for narrative polish.
 Prompts to use:
“Rewrite this bio to 120 words + a 6-bullet ‘beliefs’ list. Keep it practical.”
 How to implement: Use .about-grid and add a values list below it.
 Why: Personality without a memoir.



Complete Strategic Success Lab Rebrand Brief for Replit
Project Overview
Transform Strategic Success Lab from a basic static site into a premium, conversion-focused consultancy website that establishes immediate credibility and drives high-quality leads from UpWork and direct outreach. The site needs to position me as a trusted operator-consultant who delivers measurable results across multiple service lines.
Core Requirements
Brand Positioning:
Evolve from "operator-grade consulting" to a more sophisticated positioning that balances expertise with approachability
Maintain the no-fluff, results-focused voice but add layers of sophistication that justify premium pricing
Create distinct visual identity that stands out from typical consultancy sites - think modern, bold, slightly unconventional
Service Lines to Showcase:
Revenue Architecture & Growth Systems - Building scalable revenue engines, sales process optimization, pipeline development
Strategic Partnership Development - Channel partnerships, strategic alliances, co-selling programs
AI Transformation & Implementation - Feature Polynize AI Sales Coaching prominently, AI readiness assessments, workflow automation, practical AI integration
UI/UX & Product Design - End-to-end design services, design systems, user research, prototyping
Graphic Design & Brand Strategy - Visual identity, marketing collateral, brand positioning
Talent Solutions - Role simulation hiring methodology, performance systems, team optimization
AI Training & Enablement - Workshops, team training, AI literacy programs
Lead Generation Focus:
Multiple strategic CTAs throughout the page (not just at bottom)
Value-driven lead magnets (e.g., "Revenue Audit Checklist", "AI Readiness Assessment")
Case study deep-dives that demonstrate expertise
Urgency/scarcity elements ("Limited slots available for Q1")
Social proof at every major decision point
Design Requirements:
Modern, premium aesthetic that feels like a $50k+ engagement
Dark mode option or dark-accent design to stand out
Subtle animations and micro-interactions that feel sophisticated
Mobile-first responsive design that looks exceptional on all devices
Professional photography or high-quality illustrations (no generic stock)
Interactive elements that showcase technical capability
Content Sections Needed:
Hero Section - Powerful headline that speaks to transformation, not just services. Immediate credibility indicator (years experience, clients served, results delivered)
Problem Agitation - Section that articulates the exact pain points I solve (broken revenue systems, failed partnerships, AI confusion, bad hiring decisions)
Services Grid - Visual, scannable presentation of all service lines with clear outcomes for each
Methodology/Process - Visual framework showing how I work (Discovery → Strategy → Implementation → Scale)
Case Studies - 3-5 detailed success stories with specific metrics and outcomes. Include variety across service lines
About/Founder Story - Personal narrative that builds trust and relatability. Include credentials, experience, unique perspective
Client Testimonials - Strategic placement throughout, not just in one section
Resources/Insights - Position as thought leader with guides, frameworks, or insights
Booking/Contact - Multiple pathways: Quick chat (15 min), Strategy session (45 min), Direct email for RFPs
Technical Enhancements:
Add analytics tracking for conversion optimization
Implement schema markup for local SEO and rich snippets
Create XML sitemap for better indexing
Add live chat or chatbot for immediate engagement
Form submissions should go to CRM or at minimum email with autoresponder
Unique Differentiators to Emphasize:
Operator background (I've actually done this work, not just advised)
Speed of implementation (results in 30-60 days, not 6 months)
No long-term contracts or retainers required
Direct access to me (not junior associates)
Practical, implementable solutions (no 200-page strategy decks)
Visual Style Direction:
Color palette: Professional but bold (think deep blues, sharp blacks, energetic accent color like electric blue or emerald)
Typography: Modern, clean, excellent readability. Mix of weights for hierarchy
Layout: Generous whitespace, clear sections, easy scanning
Imagery: Authentic, professional, avoid clichés (no handshakes or puzzle pieces)
Conversion Goals:
Primary: Book strategy calls via Calendly
Secondary: Email list signup for insights/resources
Tertiary: Direct inquiries for larger engagements
The site should feel like visiting a high-end specialist who knows exactly how to solve your problem, has done it before, and can start tomorrow. Every element should build trust, demonstrate capability, and reduce friction to booking a call.

